All right.
So over the course of the next couple of lessons, we're going to do a refactor in our app, and it's
going to revolve around our job filters, sidebar component as well as our job filter, sidebar checkbox
group component.
So as a reminder, the way this works is the job filter.
Sidebar right here renders three different checkbox with components and it passes each one of them a
custom value for the header prop.
And the only reason we're passing that header prop right here is because we want to provide it right
here to the accordion components header prop.
And of course the accordion is the actual component that renders that collapse ability and expandability
of this content right here.
Now you'll notice the fact that we're using accordion right here is actually one reason why our tests
for the checkbox group component right here are a little bit complex.
You'll notice as I scroll down here in any given test, we're doing a full amount.
And then what we're doing is we're looking for this data test attribute with the value of clickable
area.
Now the reason this is confusing is because this data test attribute is actually found within our accordion
component, not within our checkbox group component.
So the reader has to notice or know that this is found in a totally separate component file.
We actually noted this a little bit earlier and how this wasn't so great, but we decided to just have
to kind of handle it right.
Because at the heart of this test, we want to test this logic right here.
But in order to even see that logic, we need to expand the accordion because the accordion is conditionally
rendering this content as slot content whenever the user has actually clicked the little carrot to expand
it.
Right?
So the complexity of how these components interact is what's responsible for us having to do this logic
right here, a finding the static test, then triggering a click to expand it and then actually looking
for the content within the checkbox group component.
So to make this a little bit cleaner, what I propose we do is we move this accordion logic up from
the checkbox group into job filter sidebar.
So in other words, what I want to do is simply render the accordion right here and the accordion is
going to cover the entire checkbox group as its actual slot content and that will allow us to remove
the header prop entirely because we're simply going to feed it into the accordion component right here.
All right.
That's a lot to take in.
So let me show you how this refactor is going to work.
The first thing I'm going to do is in my job filters, sidebar component.
What I'm going to do down here is import the accordion component.
So this might have even been here earlier in the course, but regardless, I'm going to import accordion
and it's going to come from the source directory components shared and then accordion dot view.
And of course as soon as I import it, I also want to register it right here as a local component.
So enter components object, I'll add accordion.
So now we can use the accordion component anywhere in our template.
And what I'm going to do right here is render an accordion to store each job, filter a sidebar checkbox
group.
So in other words, I'm moving this logic right here up one level because this logic of the accordion
header doesn't really have to do anything with a checkbox group.
It's just kind of the layer that exposes it in the first place.
So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to provide my accordion component, right?
And there is my opening tag and there's my closing tag and I'm going to provide the closing tag after
my checkbox group.
So this now becomes the entire slotted content that fits into the accordion.
And because we want to move the header prop and the accordion component itself accepts a header prop,
right.
That's we're feeding down to it right here.
What I'm going to do is simply pass the accordion, the header prop right here, header equals degrees,
which spares me the need to pass in the header prop right here in our checkbox group.
Of course, we also have to go to the checkbox to component and remove it.
We'll do that in just a second.
For now, let's repeat this pattern for all of our other checkbox groups.
So right here, I'm going to create an accordion child component, right?
And I'm going to wrap the closing tag after my checkbox group.
And for this accordion, I'm going to provide a header of job types.
Which allows me to remove this header prop right here and then down below, once again, I'm going to
render an accordion component.
Take the closing tag and put it after the checkbox group.
So prettier should automatically indent this child.
And that means we can provide the header prop right here to the accordion and that will be organizations.
So again, instead of passing it down through CheckBox Group to get to accordion, I've now moved that
accordion back up so I no longer need to pass this prop at all.
So there we go.
So I'm going to remove it there.
And I think that's everything we have to do in this file.
All right.
So our next step is going to be to make the corresponding changes in our checkbox with component, right?
So let's save this file and then let's open checkbox group.
And here what we're going to do is remove the accordion online tool because it's no longer needed because
we're rendering it one step higher in jobs with the sidebar for each checkbox group.
Right?
So I'm going to remove line two and I'm also going to remove the closing accordion tag on line 20.
Save this.
So now our checkbox group simply begins as a div rather than as an accordion component that nests a
whole bunch of child content within a slot.
So in this component, of course, as I scroll down, we're no longer going to need the accordion because
we're not using it in this component in checkbox group.
So we'll remove the import and we'll also remove this component section right here.
And in addition in our props section which performs the type validation from view's perspective of the
props, we no longer are receiving a header prop.
We were previously giving this header prop to our checkbox group simply a pass down to the accordion.
But we're no longer using the accordion component in checkbox group, so we no longer are passing in
the header prop from jobs to the sidebar and thus no longer need this validation.
So I'm going to delete this as well.
There we go.
And as I scroll down, it looks like all of this logic doesn't have anything to do with that.
So that is a good place to to finish up with this component.
All right.
So now we've modified these two components and we're actually going to discover that two test suites
are failing checkbox group as well as job builder sidebar.
Now we're going to come back to job filter sidebar in a later lesson.
So unfortunately, we're not going to get all of our tests to pass in this lesson.
But at a minimum, let's make sure that our tests for the checkbox group are passing.
So we're going to focus on this thing right here.
All right.
So how do we begin the refactor of our test suite?
Well, let's think about what checkbox script now needs.
The first thing is right here in our create config factory function, we no longer need to provide a
default value for the header prop because we no longer accept that thing.
So of course let's get rid of that.
And in addition you'll notice earlier what we were doing is stubbing out font awesome icon.
The reason we were doing that is because our accordion was using that font awesome icon library to render
the little carrot.
Well, now our checkbox group no longer needs the font awesome icon because it no longer uses an accordion,
so we no longer need to stub it out so I can remove this entire global section of my config.
All right.
So moving on down, here's our first test.
Now, in theory, we no longer need to find this clickable area to test because that was our former
accordion implementation.
We should be able to simply look for all of the regular content that exists in here automatically.
So I'm going to get rid of line 27 and 28.
We no longer need it.
And scrolling down, we're going to find the exact same code in this test as well.
We no longer need to find that clickable area data just activate which lives inside the accordion component
and we no longer need to trigger a click on it.
So remove these two lines as well, then scrolling down one more time right here, let's remove that
attached clickable area and the click of it.
And you'll notice we were also utilizing the mount function right here, which forces a full mount,
which means it renders the component as well as all child components which we needed to do because accordion
technically classified as a child component and there was no way for us to check it slotted content
unless we fully rendered the accordion.
But now, if you look at our checkbox group, all we have is plain HTML.
There are no more nested child components in here.
So to make the process a little bit faster, we can actually switch this mount to a shallow amount and
everything should still pass.
So right here I'm going to scroll up and instead of using Mount, I'm going to import Shallow Mount.
Which means wherever I have a mount where I actually mount my component, I'm going to change this to
shallow amount.
Down below.
I'm going to change this mount to a shallow mount as well.
And down below.
Finally, in the last test, I'm going to change this mound to a shallow mound as well.
There we go.
Save that and let's let our tests run.
And as long as we get the tests fixed in checkbox group, I will be happy.
All right, so as I scroll up, it looks like these failures are all coming from the job filter sidebar
tests.
Here we go.
And that's totally fine.
That means that our tests in this file, which we just edited, are all passing.
All right.
The only thing that's failing is now in our job filter sidebar.
And as I mentioned, we're not going to fix that in this lesson.
But I do want to quickly describe why things are failing now in this component.
You'll notice in these tests we are using shallow amount.
And because we're using shallow amount, we're not actually rendering all of our child components,
which means we're not rendering the accordion and we're also not rendering our job filter side bar checkbox
group, because that is technically a child of a child and that is preventing the test from finding
the corresponding data test attribute.
You can see here it's not able to find the proper method on an empty view wrapper and it gets that view
wrapper object by looking for a component with this data test approved.
So this data test attribute job types filter exists right here, but our test is not able to find it
because this child component is not being rendered because it itself is within another child component
of accordion, which we're not rendering because we're doing a shallow amount.
So in other words, the test library is stubbing out the accordion component.
It's not using the real implementation, which means we're never actually getting to provide this slotted
content.
All right.
And that's totally fine.
And we're going to get back to a passing test, we in a few lessons from now.
But that is a good place to start.
Our refactor and I will see you in the next lesson.